
    Java virtual machine
    just-in-time (JIT) compiler
    kernel
    layered approach
    Mach operating system
    microkernel approach
    modular kernel
    operating-system structure
    simulation
    virtual machine and virtualization
    VMware architecture

    application programming interface (API)
    operating-system services helpful to users
        command interpreter
        communications
        error detection
        file-system manipulation
        graphical user interface (GUI)
        I/O operations
        program execution
    operating-system functions that ensure the efficient operation of the system itself
        accounting
        protection and security
        resource allocation
    system call
    system-call interface
    systems programs
        communication programs such as a web browser
        compilers, interpreters, assemblers, and debuggers
        file manager programs and text editors
        logging, registry, system information viewer
    types of system calls



    Reflect on your understanding of the essential services provided by an operating system and how system calls work to provide these services.
        What are the three different advantage points for considering operating systems?
        What services are designed for performance? What services are designed for usability?
        What are system calls? How does a system call work in a dual-mode context?
        How do you see the relationship between Linux system calls and a standard C library?
    Complete the interactive questions in Sections 2.1 to 2.5 of your eText.

    Reflect on your understanding of kernel structure.
        What do you think about operating systems based on microkernel structure compared to their layered and modular kernel counterparts?
        Why is it important to separate kernel from user space?
        How are user mode and kernel mode issues dealt with under a virtual machine environment?
    Complete the interactive questions in Sections 2.7 and 2.8 of your eText.
